So now that I'm going to show you how, I made a bit of a cosmetic change on the the UI that you actually
saw in the starting of this particular, uh, section.
Well, the only cosmetic change that I actually made was I have added probably what I'm going to do.
I'm going to copy this, uh, this whole chatbot.
I'm going to paste it over here and I'm going to say chatbot with cosmetic over here.
And I'm going to start making the changes over here.
So I'm going to probably just do, uh, like a copy paste of code that I have already written.
And I can explain to you what changes that I have, I have actually made over there.
But other than that, the code just remains pretty much exactly the same as opposed to what you have
seen there.
So probably I'm just going to do that.
I'm gonna completely delete it.
I'm going to paste it over here.
So the code that you are seeing over here is exactly the same chord, so it's going to have the same
session history.
It's going to have the same thing.
But only thing is I need a logo, which I probably need to copy, um, from my existing code once again.
And I also need to paste it over here.
So this is the execute automation logo, uh, which I have.
So I'm going to paste that.
And I'm actually going to call that the SD uh, image.
Only thing I'm doing is I'm using a sidebar over here, the sidebar.
And inside the sidebar I'm going to add an image and I'm getting the user input.
And I'm getting the details like how, uh, the answer should be like beginner, expert and PhD.
And I'm going to add an index of zero, which is the starting is beginner.
And I'm going to add the same button like start new chat, uh, and all those things over here.
And I'm also adding a markdown here just to show you like what can I help you today, which is going
to show in the middle of the window, just to give you some more, like a ChatGPT experience.
Uh, and finally, you can also notice that in the template I'm actually adding that you are an and
I'm passing the role in here level user to answer this query.
And then I'm passing in the human prompt.
So this is the only change that I have made apart from what I had before.
So you see that here we just have like human prompt and we had the placeholder of the history.
Uh, but in here we have the placeholder that message placeholder of history over here.
Uh, and we also have a system query.
And the system message is saying that you are an, uh, PSG level or basic beginner level or expert
level user to answer this query and answer this question.
And the remaining just, uh, stays the same.
There is no change on any of that.
Uh, and now, because we have already gone through this code many times, I'm just going to say chat
with, uh, chatbot with cosmetic over here.
And you will see that Voila!
We have got this new UI, just that.
There is a sidebar pane and we have got this details over here.
And the remaining functionality is just, uh, looks pretty much exactly the same.
How big, uh, is, uh, sun compared to moon?
So we get the response immediately over here.
And look at that.
This time the answer is also coming down below.
Instead of having that, uh, in the top and also compare with Earth and Tabular, is it.
So look at that.
It's a stabilizing with Earth.
And it's comparing the detail for me over here which is amazing.
So it is already doing that.
And if I ask the same question in the expert level or maybe in the PhD level, um, how about with Mars?
And now this is going to go a bit more uh, and in the PhD level.
So details are going to be a bit more, uh, bit more complex.
But apparently it's not because we're just asking to compare with Mars over here.
Uh, how about it's, uh, gases in each planet's?
Explain me.
And look at that.
So now it is going bit more like a sea level.
It's going to go deeper.
And then it is comparing everything.
And it's giving me the answer for every single planet.
And there is the summary coming up over here as well.
So see that.
Look at that.
We have successfully built our own chatbot which can run within our local machine.
And also it's using our own local large language model to make this happen, which is amazing.
So this ends this particular section, and I'm sure you have learned quite a lot of details of how you
can build a chatbot from the complete ground up, and also use the chat message history discussion that
we did in our last section.